 Only my collegues and work culture. There is no option to rate below 1 for compensation & benefits and job oppotunities otherwise could have given the same.. Salary differes from location wise even if you are doing same job what other are doing just because of different location. Overall good experience for me! Very much secured in terms of job security. Work life balance is just as per my expectation during WFH. Technical growth & work pressure completely depends on your project and seniors. You can find yourself in any kind of project. Salary is on time. Other perks - working/ interview weekend allowance, phone& internet bill reimbursement, no leave/month benefit etc. Onsite/transfer opportunities are there but very few and rare (depends on client/project as well). HCL Healthcare - you can avail cashless preventive health checkups (in addition to group mediclaim policy) for you as well as dependents. Benefit Box - So many corporate privileges due to brand tie-ups. Job security is there Client or Customer centric company and to make client or customer happy they forgot about the engineer Management always listen what the manager says they have set criteria to judge the ratings of engineer or person who is working there but all are fake who makes satisfy the manager only gets good rating and appraisal Before covid they never allowed to engineers any work from home facility It is a growing organization and has multiple mechanical engineering projects currently. Many of the team size grow rapidly based on the skilled top management. Top management and sales team gets more benefits here in HCL. Hcl is avery good organization,But the middle management is shit. You wil get career growth if you joined in internal projects.If it is a service-based project (external project from other vendors ) my request is please don't join.Because you will end being nothing.Most of the product developement companies give the documentation andless important works to these kind of service companies.If you joined here you will get deployed these mokka(scrap) works.These companies uses their own tools for product development and you will be forced to work on these tools .In effect after two or three years you will use only those tools and your skills won't get updated as per the market level.When you come out of the organisation your market value will be nothing.If you ask for different role what they does is they will deploy in some other project where you will have to use some other mokka tools.Yes there are exceptions but it depends on your luck.99% of the people who joined in external project suffers.Client will treat you like a begger .They toss away all the scrap works to you and they will do the intresting work. Yes they offers a very good learning platform like isuccess learning but those courses are worst. I have gone through lot of them most of them are useless.Regarding the hike,there isn't even a hike There are 4 quarterly reviews to capture how good you performed in each quarter but it's just a fake game.Everyone in hcl gets almost same hike(usually 6-15%) I joined around 2019 with a fresher salary of 2.5LPA,Then got deployed to these scrap work .Somehow i got lucky .I influenced one of my customers they gave me some important work.Then i learnt and i left .But people who joined along with me are still there struggling to get exposure to market demanding skills.They are stuck and they are not getting any offers in thier hand.I left the organisation with a ctc of 2.6 LPA ie i got a hike of 10k for two years.my request to you is please investigate well and join Hcl Job security is ok here, would suggest to join HCL after 45 or 50 age, as there is no career growth prospects here in HCL. Apart from Job Security everything else is terrible, horrible, nightmare in HCL Technologies. Only good thing is you will get salary on time every end of the month. Sometimes you will feel like security of the job. Keep deducting insurance premiums from your salary, before join HCL first read all section in offer letter because there is AMPB - Annual Monthly Performance Bobus they do include your fixed salary and theyprovide every monthly include in fixed monthly/yearly the problems is when you resign this company they will deduct that amount from your FNF amount and will hold your salary until all due cleared, supposed your monthly AMPB is Rs.8000 then multiply into LWD of the month then it will be total amount, AMPB start every year from April to March. They offer during job like they give offer for enrollment for academy learning and before you enroll you have to sign Service Agreement for 2 years and you can not leave the company with service agreement and you wish to leave then you have to pay back 2 lakhs. They have two/three/six months of the notice and option for buyout if you with to not serve notice period but Manager's never approve/allowed and until your manager does not leave from the project and compnay HR will not help on anything. No night allowance given in HCL They can give any project roll no matter what profile is yours it depends on project availability they can give Service Desk work for on-call support. Manager's allways harassing their people mostly the manager came from Service Desk Management Salary - forget about that you will get hike every year , they do nothing increases, There is called quarterly performance review , they will give allways good rating all quarter but at the end of year like annual review they will mark down your review with out having any reason. I will simply say do not join this company if you have wish to grow otherwise here all your wished and ambition will stop. Incredibly talented mid management, if you are lucky, a brilliant and supportive business team. You'd love working for and with the team. You are accountable for your own success, so if you do your best, you will be satisfied. I had the fortune of working with an incredible mentor and team as well. Excellent learning opportunities, scale up opportunities (skills-wise) and great exposure to transformational subjects/solutions. Nothing There is no such thing that i like the work there because ther are no benefits provided to the employees and it is not employee centric The company has good working culture and also provides job security. Also, there are machines for free coffee/tea which is bit relaxing. As per my experience, Job security is there but working environment is worse, you are like a slave. There is no transparency between management and HR. if you will ask for any policy, HR will say your manager should approve this and manager will say only HR can implement this. They will play game. Moreover they will not negotiableyour notice period of 90 days. I would say totally harassment for a mechanical engineers. Job Security is what I like. But in case of promoting employee there is favoritism. Employee even after getting good rating don't get promoted. Same goes with increment, if you are boss favourite you get good increment orelse there won't be much as you expect. This might not be whole HCL but this I am facing in my team and even my other teammates with agree on this. Due to which attrition rate in our team is more. Even I am planning to resign due to the same Job security, Brand name, coworkers were respectful especially towards women ..no loose comments just work and support. Higher authority manager was kind.Training is good. Good work environment and culture. Teammates are supportive and the management is transparent. There is a huge cafeteria and gaming arcade for chilling. Company policies are good, appraisals are fair and they give good salary hike and bonus every year. 1 . Leading IT company in Delhi NCR region 2. Have lot of projects 3. Enough learning opportunities inside 4. Certification reimbursements 5. Opportunities to upscale and learn new technologies through academy training 6. Very good campus 7. You will get gym and medical facilities inside campus 8. Big cafeterias Work life balance is better then other companies. Job security is on a positive side. job security: sometime luckily u get 1 yr, projects, mostly 3-6 month projects only so ready to attend customer interview often, if ur good in clearing it then fine, after 4 chances they ask u resign. if u r > 7 years exp. then u sud good in multiple tools c#, asp.net, mvc, wcp, angular. sql, wpf, design pattern+ others.. if notHR will ask u why can't u learn new skillsets..i learned N become master on all of the above but in interview asked u don't know elastic search? work culture: worked on bank related project, there were only a week left for handover, but at end new decision taken to change ms sql to postgresql but all codes + sprocs, funcs, tables r in ms sql related+ dtsi packages, so much effort required at least 2 months. but forced us to work weekend and night to migrate. managers and architects from java tech. but ours .net project, they could not understand when we explain something, totally poor management, technically incapable managers,, at end they changed 3 managers.. besides this project chores,, every month training dept will push u to complete a new technology with online exams. ex: i work on .net they forced me complete 4G cellular, ML, AI ... etc.. management: already given ex. for management, in prev para. u get irrelevant managers in projects always, java projects they assign managers who only knows .net, for .net projects they assign managers from telecom domain. etc.. architects will ask developers to write /correct architectural and technical docs.. they behave like managers.. they only talk don't help technically to team members.. if there r 1/2 senior leads then they r finished ..every managers, architect, directors always says senior guys you should take care of everything. company policies: poor management, more load on developers head... almost in all my projects , team not balanced, poor hiring or poor intake in project. ex: only few members in team good rest all low paid girls without proper training, funny... NOT TO JOIN HCL!! There are 3 or more people joined with me on the same date and all are left the organisation one by one within 3 month and the first time I have seen the dumb management in my career. There is no knowledge about work and put the pressure on you. And if you put resign then ready for live the hell lifefor next 90 days. And I think This is the first company who take 90 days notice period in your probation period. All policy are against you.And most important be ready for F&F fight because you will not receive any f&f on time, it doesn't matter the policy timing and if you are chasing then no reply you will recieve, nighter the management side nor the F&F. Hcl Lucknow only can give you job security, it is not good place for anything else. The company is very good if you are in your learning journey. However if you are a experienced resource who believes in a professional work environment, good work life balance, appriciation for your good job. HCL is not the place for you. Pros - great place to learn, in many projects there will be short term or long term onsite opportunity. This is one of the worst company I have ever worked. This company won't even give your salary in Full rather they will explain the policies instead. I never recommend anyone to join this organization Hey I have a total work experience of almost 4 years where I found HCL is the company where I can spend time for me and with my family without any issue the work life balance is the ultimate thing in any environment where I found its abundant in my project. As well pressure less Job yup you heard that right 😂 I never felt pressure since joined HCL. It's a great organization to start your career in international process as you get an exposure of to speak to customers all around the globe which enhances your communication skills. Additionally, you get a chance to work on different softwares and technologies which can be highlighted on your resume. They have good banking projects. Apart from that I don’t see any good things to admire. I joined in work from home period so no team events or any cultural activities. Job security is good. They have multiple banking projects like city bank, BNY Dear Students of Techbee, I hope this review is from one of the employee who worked for Training and staffing services First foremost point you need to keep in mind 1. HCL Techbee is offering IT engineer and Associate roles in this company asking students to join paying for 2 lakhs and gst tax 2,38,000 currently . They break ice stating this is the best opportunities at work place Before that ask them these questions 1. Since HCL is top 4 companies in terms of revenue Over 11 B and it's presence in 50+ countries why do they charge 2,38,000 from students stating candidate will be trained on software curriculum (which means Excel,access) works few concepts of programing and DBMS which cost less than 25k but why they charge 2.38L 2.When this program is in Australia they don't charge a single penny during 3 months which is foundation classes (if candidate feel ok of the curriculum then he goes ahead but here in India they ask you to go bank loan giving enough fake promises of not required to pay interest until u get job in HCL) which has raise my doubts on the program Since HCL is Hindustani computer limited company why they looting indian money rather they don't focus the same in Other countries bcz they feel Indians are fools 3. They even say who get 90% in course after one year of training will be reimbursement will be paid total fee (for God sake please ask who got 90% earlier and who been paid list) HCL will tell due to privacy concern we cannot do that but real fact is no one ever get 90% .Don't be as fooled as thinking I would get 90% in exam they won't allow u to cross 90% in exam the paper for intermediate candidates passout would be questioned on PHD range questions where even a doctrate cannot answer then how could a intermediate guy can pass?? So please come out of wrong notation 4. Guys don't ever think this exam to join Techbee is tough ..every candidate will get selected and provided with offer letter . I can give 100 reasons why not to join Infrastructure is great. Processes over here are good. Lot of exposure globally. Great training courses to develop skills. As a brand and as a company HCL is great. Good work environment and culture. Teammates are supportive and the management is transparent. There is a huge cafeteria and gaming arcade for chilling. Company policies are good, appraisals are fair and they give good salary hike and bonus every year. Work-Life balance and job security is good. So if you are looking for a job with avarage pay out and relaxed work with out any major upskilling, then its a good place for you. Company job security is better than other consulting firm such as Tech Mahindra but not as much as TCS, Infosys Company is good, perfect work life balance. They have lots of projects as well. Recent times their pay structure changed and they started to cut salary monthly if we don't perform well n previous quarter, also there s a pay cut on yearly appraisal also.. consider that ur monthly salary and yearly salary ll b scaled off even for GPrating u ll face a pay cut of 7%. I work here for salary and if a manager and organisation can cut a employee salary stating their performance both on monthly and annually. There is no growth at all instead we are going down. In this COVID time organization monitor employees on time and off time thru some software.. already I'm facing salary cut and with this if they monitor you via software.. later management might do mental harrasment which happened to some employees as well. When a employee asks reason or statement for pay cut or this monitoring softwares, they ll reply that they have no clue. Employees are forced to move out because of these actions. Job security is good, work culture - no much pressure or tight deadlines. Timely salary. I love this company and love for this work. Good work and environment and culture.temmates are supportive and the management is transparent.tjere is a huge cafeteria and gaming arcade for chilling . company policies are good , appraisals are fair and they give good salary hike and bonus every year Management is good work life balance is good. Not much growth in terms of skills you will be idle in most situations client is god for higher management Good company to start with but no great benefits are there if you are still in your 30s and are in need of a good package Company culture and word life balance is good but the compensation is not there Other companies do provide night shift allowance and pay on national holidays and festivals or at least provide gift to their employees but HCL do nothing like this just provide a comp off that's it that's something need to be changed You need to provide some strong reson to your employees to be in your company for longer period of time you have a job security here and can enjoy along with work as it has gym and games related options. Team members and management will be helpful. But annual compensation will be not as per the expectation.Overall it is good with working and learning point of view but stay for long lasting will not keep the salary as expected. Ambience, atmosphere, campus everything is beautiful. Very nice workplace. Even we have gym and hospital facility inside the campus. Medical benefits given to employees are very good. Social and welfare activities, concept of power of one (contribution of one rupee everyday from employees voluntarily) is a great idea. We saw big results from small contribution. Job security is not there, worst management,, the HR also not supported for employees they only support for project lead, leads are using company policies in wrong way, I HCL not solve employees problems They only saw lead feedback. Job security is the best. Only good thing that HCL offers is a job Security Regarding growth and other things it depends on the process to process. I can't think anything which I liked except the team with I worked. Team environment was good. You can join here for a career step up. Learning opportunities are good. You better plan HCL for 2-3 years of work tenure. They got multiple projects across different domains and locations, so you will get good opportunity here. For juniors good place to learn and move to better company Nothing as much to say. Only if you are a hard worker and love your job is secure. No other benefits, work culture and management will not help you to grow. Growth opportunities and Skill development. Good work environment and culture. Teammates are supportive and the management always cares employee. Company policies are good, appraisals are fair and they give good salary hike and bonus on time. 1. Lots of projects if you are based out of chennai. 2. Managers are mostly good and won't give much pressure to employees 3. People say Job is secured in HCL, not sure how true it is but if you are a billable resource you are safe. 4. Learning is purely based on individuals and organization has variety of projects and you can choose to switch technologies if you are good learner. 5. Management won't torture employees to do certification, upgrade skills blah blah.. Im good worker. Teammates are supportive and the management is transparent. Gaming arcade for chilling.company police's are good, they give good salary hike and bonus every year. Increment Worst company with no employee friendly work culture, people here openly ask for work extra hours and weekend strech and try to keep it confidential. One of my manager is inhuman and worst training or KT and onboarding plan. People expect to make things happen in next minute. While team is frustrated because of the managers. Expect brand name nothing is positive in HCL. Before joining the HCL pls ask for salary structure and take home not saying about %of hike. Also here big problem is yearly hike so think and get it while joining based on your plan. Also worst in part of Career growth you will be 123 at the end of 5 years 123 only same no change including your salary... Especially worst part is no one will help you to change careers. Good work environment and culture.teammates are supportive and the management is transparent. There is a huge cafeteria and gaming arcade for chilling.company polices are good, appraisals are fair and they give good salary hike and bonus every year One of the best company, I have worked so far. They way they treat employees is good. Health insurance is good and shifts depends upon business requirements. Work pressure is normal. Free pick up and drop cab facility, Job security is good. 1. Job security is very good with employees having a provision to switch roles on need basis/ as he requires. 2. Focus on skill development is very high with plenty of skill based trainings expected from all employees. 3. Work life balance is very good with enough flexibility to align your professional and personal life. 4. Very high on providing basic amenities like office infrastructure, cafeteria, healthcare, transport, gym, and cultural development Work environment and the culture is nice. Management is supportive. Company policies are good but the appraisals, hike and bonus do not meet up expectations. Great place and very good platform to learn. Job Security. Work Life Balance. Freedom to work your way out. Culture of Feel Good. Good work environment and culture. Management is good for some teams but not all. Skill development and learning programs are good. Gives good salary hike and opportunities. Good Experience if you are in right role. Job security is very good. - Transport coverage is wide. There was a notification of walkin interview on naukri.com , the company clearly mentioned , to show the notification to the ground floor security , other wise they'll not let you enter , I reached the company on time , the security guard asked me about the mail , I showed him the notification , but he refused to let me enter , I also told him that this is what companies permission is but still he refused , I showed him the date and venue in the notification but he did not bulge , on contrary he's behaviour was very rude, and seems to be throwing his weight around , when I asked him again he started raising his voice , shouting and misbehaving , I went to the watchmans manager who was seeing all this from distance , and he asked me to leave , I again politely explained him every thing , but he just showed me the gate , I had placed a leave for this interview , and came all the way from L B nagar , quite far away from hitec city, and this is what you get , and it's not just hcl , it happens in most of the multinationals , watchmans and security guards play important part in recruitment drive , as it's they who decide who should enter , who should not , and coming to hcl , if you don't want candidates to enter the building , please keep an HR in the security guard room itself , it might be helpful for both of us , the first 6 months were terrible, there may be in place pieces of training and other things but those who have gone through some technical concepts, you have already done that. so "please see through before you dive in." Work life balance and good culture. Managers talks politely and nicely and HR communication is also good here. Monthly meetings are there, with managers and with Hrs as well, where one can dicuss the issues they are facing. Safe place to work, WFH opportunities during covid, on time salary payment, flexible timing n much more HCL is an Indian MNC and has clients globally and due to that there are chances to work for different clients, hence always there is an opportunity to learn and grow. Pros: Job security Open for learning Work life balance Free cabs Cons: No/micro annual hikes Micro management Office politics While leaving d company you have to pay hefty sum of amounts All trainings comes with a bond or agreements. Timely salary credit, comp offs if extending work over weekends. Seniors, team leaders, managers as well as your co-workers are very helpful and cooperative, good for freshers to learn and built skills and to get exposure of corporate world, 5 days working, WFH during pandemic, company will provide systems /laptops to work on, both side cab facility, job training Only Job security is good here. 1. Good learning environment. Its more suitable for 2 types of employees A. Freshers. B. Those who seek settlement. 2. Training modules are very good. Nothing Much apart from job security they won’t give you anything like appraisals and growth opportunities even they can ask for whatever they gave you as bonus in your salary which is not exactly a bonus as it is a part of CTC. HCL is the best place to work and learning new skills , i am happy to work with HCL continuously. This is a company you need to work if you do not have self respect 1. They do not have medical leave policy 2. Every company sent some sweets or token of appreciation on diwali/Christmas. HCL cares zero about human touch 3. Human resources can not be answer your questions and you will be sent to endless loop and eventually you will stop chasing 4. I got covid and he shameless said there is no leave policy for covid and I am supposed to take lwp if there are no leaves balance 5. Management is not worried about your growth they only do the formalities 6. I can go on and on but above points should be enough to explain what i rated them lowest No skill development oprtunity. But management expect you to be highly skilled employee without giving any facility for training. Some projects are like school environment, like every week they conduct Tech talk sessions, knowledge sharing session. It's seems irrelevant and forcefully driving. When it's come to package it's a singledigit appraisal, need to come in with good package and can't expect much in regular appraisal cycle with outstanding performance. Job security and work life balance will be awesome job security is good with HCL technologies. Work Culture is very good. Not sure if I am lucky but my RM actually speaks with me on my career growth path and seeks information on improvement also provides feedback. The best part is you don't have any work . Still you will be getting your salaries. So basically whoever is not concerned about growth and learning new things and want to do job for name sake . Can do here . Nagpur HCL SPECIFICALLY. Lot of learning while you are in a particular Project/Role. Work life balance is good as WFH is prevalent. Transport facility is good. Annual hike in your compensation can be a little better though. Overall it's fulfilling experience. People are friendly and some managers are very helpful. People behave properly and work load is average provided you know your job well. I only thing I like the most is my Project & my Team. Other than that everything around here is shit. You will enough opportunities to grow in multiple domains but can't expect much compensation. Work life balance is definitely there. Job security is fantastic. You will never get fired. But overall it is poor culture. Management thinks if you throw in few people with these titles "Architect", "Senior Developer" and few freshers you will get a product out. Those titles are based on the number of years and not on performance. 90 percent of people are mediocre. Thegood ones leave soon. I am hoping to complete some 18 months just to be fair to my current team and then leave. Company policy look good on paper. But end of day it is pay. They have made these variable pay(APMB plus yearly payout) quite complicated. They will claw it back if you leave. So if you have decided to leave don't look at that. Getting that is like chasing your won tail. Easy environment, Women friendly policies but hardly Management help a woman to demonstrate them or support without much hardship. Only if you are at mgmt level employee you enjoy those policies. Also, women employees are subtly oppressed from growing. Recent times many managers are exhibiting disparity based on language, political views, castes which cannot be proved but daunting and stressful for employee being victimized HCL Technologies is one of the best MNC to work with In India, In my experience so far I have received lot of exposure in terms of my knowledge enhancement, work life balance, flexibility and having stability to work. There is nothing like on and off kind here, they provide the employee friendly environment to work, as a very secured job. Thank you HCL. :) Nothing good so far. Was given a different job description to me while I was hired and I am assigned very different task now after I joined Superb well maintained campus, excellent latest tech stack, lots of learning and training opportunities, leading US banking clients, lots of pocket money earning opportunities including paid training etc. Yearly increments and promotions based on performance etc. You can also do part time MBA from BITS Pilani along with your work. Good learning, and skills developed, large campus, good job security in support functions, but for delivery/production functions consider it good until particular account margin grows Pros -Not much pressure ,learning opportunities Cons-Appraisals are bad and you will have to L the A for promotions otherwise promotion will be delayed and if you are going for promotion dont expect any hike in salary . in short ..if you are rating is top then you can expect 9 percent ,below top 6-7,Average 3-5 , Pros: Supportive senior who will help you learn the process at fast phase and you can a lot more and there is high job security. There is no barrier for learning. Cons: Very poor compensation Over time are casual and no compensation will be provided. No transport to office provided Even with high appraisal rating you geta compensation very low No additional benefits or night shift allowance. Compare to other company the compensation is atleast 5 times lower The environment and colleagues I found so far are good and helpful. As per overall observation the management of HCL is very responsible. Hcl as an organisation is very much concerned about their employees. Job security is there in hcl and they have lot of projects. HCL is company who is looking for work life balance. Growth is moderate subjected to your performance in project. Career growth you need to take initiatives to learn new things. Overall good Company to work with. 1.I would like the work culture,project management especially Agile practice.i'm very proud to work with HCL as NPD Design Engineer. 2.HCL had cen percente job security, according to me and senior employees of HCL perspective. Good training they give during joining. Trainer gives a hands on and teaches you well. Here you will job security for sure. Normal work environment and culture. Good cafeteria and Gym. Wonderful company to work for. Really takes care of you. I am full of gratitude towards the senior management for giving helping hand during covid times. Promotions are on time. Increment is average. Difficult to maintain work life balance as you always have something pending. Over all it is good place to work unless you are looking for a huge salary hike. Never expect growth.Manager will never allow people to get good opportunity.Ratings are not done based on work.Lot of internal politics.policy will be changed by company for its own benefit.Will never rate employee based roles and responsibilities.Company good if you don't expect anything from your work about learning, growth, opportunity. Join if you can do hard work without asking any RnR in return. Work culture is good also job is secure if you can handle the pressure and do complete your work. Nothing much to describe here. It's work culture is avg, management is helpful as of now. HCL company provides 100% job security and work life balance is the best part of the organization..